Task 4:
In the first couple moves the AI seemed to favor going into the first column if available and want to choose
the minimum numbered column it could. This is likely because there was no end game in sight (within a depth of 5),
so it effectively had no strategy at all. This changed once I had 3 in a row and it could detect that I was close to
a win, and there it blocked me. But then after that, it would go back to playing in the minimum column possible.
I realized that to win, I would need to clump a bunch of Os together undetectably, and then go on the offensive by
going for 4 in a row once I had enough clumped together. By this point, it was too late for the AI and it couldn't
put up a strong enough defense, so I won. I was taking advantage here of the AI's limited visibility into the future
via its max depth.

Task 5:
The heuristic I created is meant to guide the AI specifically towards a horizontal four in a row. I made it strategize
to try to clump is Os into a fewer number of distinct rows and to prevent X from horizontal four in a rows by preventing
X from doing this same thing. I did so by counting the number of Xs and Os in each row, and the total heuristic I returned
is an exponential (base 2) of the amount of Os in the row minus an exponential (base 2 again) of the amount of Xs in a row.
Then, I sum these exponential differences to total the heuristic. The drawback is that this only focuses on horizontal
four in a row strategy, but I do think it does so quite well. I've already noticed fairly significant improvement in the
AI agent's play.

Questions:
If there is a 1 in 4 chance that the min player will have to make a random decision, and assuming that leaves each of
their options equally likely in the case of randomness, then we will first need to calculate the expected values of
the min player's choices. If the max player chooses the first option, the min player will choose -8 3/4 of the time and
12 1/4 of the time, so the expected value is (-8*3/4)+(12*1/4)=-3. For the max player's second option, the expected value
is (3*3/4)+(4*1/4)=3.25. For the max player's third option, the expected value is (6*1/4)+(3*3/4)=3.75. The max player
should take the maximum expected value, which is the third option of 3.75. Using expected values is helpful here
because it allows the players to make the best decision on average at each decision point, even amidst uncertainty.
Minimax would either choose the second or third option. It would be indifferent to each one, but would likely go for
the second option simply because it is ordered first. Minimax does not consider randomness and just takes the min
and max values as they are. The minimax algorithm could account for this by, at each decision point depending on which
player is acting, taking the minimum or maximum of expected values of that players valid plays rather than looking at
values themselves as the raw values are less reliable and informative when randomness is introduced.